/**Jason,Jinfan Power 2017.04.07**/

                        Hadoop Basic

Prerequisites
    Linux Basic
    Java[Option]
    Sql[Option]

Hadoop Origin
    Google
        GFS          ->     HDFS
        MapReduce    ->     MapReduce
        BigTable     ->     HBase

Hadoop Modules
Hadoop Common: The common utilities that support the other Hadoop modules.
Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS™): A distributed file system that provides high-throughput access to application data.
Hadoop YARN: A framework for job scheduling and cluster resource management.
Hadoop MapReduce: A Y   ARN-based system for parallel processing of large data sets.

Hadoop-Related Projects 
HBase™: A scalable, distributed database that supports structured data storage for large tables.
Hive™: A data warehouse infrastructure that provides data summarization and ad hoc querying.
ZooKeeper™: A high-performance coordination service for distributed applications.

Hadoop Directory
    /etc    config files
    /bin    executable files
    /sbin   sh files
    ...

Hadoop Modules
    HDFS
        namenode
        datanode
        secondary namenode

    YARN
        resource manager
        node manager

    MapReduce
        map
        reduce

Hadoop Modules Introduce
    HDFS(Hadoop Distributed File System)
        HDFS is a distributed filesystem designed for storing very large files with streaming data access patterns, running on clusters of commodity hardware.
        
        namenode
        It maintains the filesystem tree and the metadata for all the files and directories in the tree.

        datanode
        Datanodes are the workhorses of the filesystem. 
        They store and retrieve blocks when they are told to (by clients or the namenode), and they report back to the namenode periodically with lists of blocks that they are storing.

        secondary namenode
        Its main role is to periodically merge the namespace image with the edit log to prevent the edit log from becoming too large.

    YARN(Yet Another Resource Negotiator)
        It is Hadoop’s cluster resource management system.
        
        resource manager
        Manage the use of resources across the cluster.

        node manager
        Node managers running on all the nodes in the cluster to launch and monitor containers.
    
    MapReduce




Hadoop Modules Startup
    HDFS
        bin/hdfs dfs name –format
        sbin/hadoop-daemon.sh start namenode
        sbin/hadoop-daemon.sh start datanode
        sbin/hadoop-daemon.sh start secondarynamenode

    YARN
        sbin/yarn-daemon.sh  start  resourcemanager
        sbin/yarn-daemon.sh  start  nodemanager

    MapReduce

